Question 1: Describe the errors that occur when trying to assemble lab11.asm. Identify the cause of each error.

line 14:
The error is illegal operand for missing opcode.
The cause of this error is operand x3000 does not have an opcode(.ORIG in this case) before it.
line 16:
The error is instruction appears before .ORIG. 
The cause of this error is the programs is missing .ORIG.
line 17:
The error is constant outside of allowed range. 
The cause of this error is LD only allows a 9-bits offset, but the operand x3010 is 16 bits long.
line 19:
The error is illegal opearands for ADD.
The cause of this error is the instruction contains an extra ',' after the first operand R3.
line 30: 
The error is constant outside of allowed range.
The cause of this error is LD only allows a 9-bits offset, but the operand x30FF is 16 bits long.
line 32:
The error is label OUTERLOOP has already appeared. 
The cause of this error is  branch opcode has zp in reverse order. BRpz cannot be understood by the assembler 
so the assemlber thought OUTERLOOP indicates a label instead of an operand and gives an error. 
line 35: 
The error is label xxxx is not defined. 
The cause of this error is label xxxx is not defined in the program so it cannot be used.The result should be
instead stored in memory location specified by RESULT.
line 41: 
The error is no .END directive found.
The cause of this error is program is missing .END.


Question 2: For each label in the code, write down the corresponding memory location. 

OUTERLOOP:   x3004
INNEERLOOP:  x3005
INPUT:       x300E
RESULT:      x3011



Question 3: Between using labels and explicit memory locations/offsets, which one makes the most sense, and why?

Using lables makes more sense. Labels are easier to read and write. We can quickly tell the location the instruction 
is referring to by looking up corresponding labels. For memory location/offsets, we need to calculate 
and count to get the address when reading or writing instructions. Also, memory locations/offsets need to be changed 
if the code has been modified. But when using labels, the assembler will calculate the correct offset automatically, 
which saves a lot of work.


